First use page revision (#862)
BitcoinDesign/Guide: guide/daily-spending-wallet/first-use.md

Overall, onboarding typically involves:
- Discovery, download and launch
- [Wallet creation]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/first-use/#creating-a-wallet' | relative_url }}) and [backup]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/backup-and-recovery/landing-page/' | relative_url }}), or [wallet recovery]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/backup-and-recovery/recovery/' | relative_url }})
- [Depositing]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/funding/' | relative_url }}) or [requesting]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/requesting/' | relative_url }}) bitcoin

#### How to approach this user flow

One of the difficult aspects of designing this experience is that users may start out with very different [expectations and needs]({{ '/guide/designing-products/getting-to-know-your-users/' | relative_url }}). Someone brand new to bitcoin may want to explore the application thoroughly before committing to it. Another user may already be comfortable and just wants to quickly share a QR code to receive funds.

> We recommend designing a flexible first-use experience that guides users towards best practices (the "happy path"). Whenever possible, options should be available to skip parts individual users may not find relevant, or dive deeper and personalize settings. If skipped parts are highly important, the application should remind users about them at a later point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend designing a flexible first-use experience that guides users towards best practices (the "happy path"). Whenever possible, options should be available to skip parts individual users may not find relevant or dive deeper and personalize settings. If skipped parts are highly important, the application should remind users about them at a later point.
```

Some [studies]({{ '/guide/resources/design-research/' | relative_url }}) suggest that users struggled greatly with [technical terminology]({{ '/guide/glossary/' | relative_url }}) and feeling as though they had a lack of guidance during wallet setup. By walking users through simple steps that clearly frame the features of self-custodial bitcoin wallets, users will feel well-equipped to navigate and use the wallet confidently.

> Users reported that they often felt like they lacked guidance and understanding during wallet setup.
>
> <cite>As researched by <a href="https://arxiv.org/pdf/1802.04351.pdf">Eskandari et al</a></cite>

> The details of this experience can vastly differ based on your technical architecture and use case. For this reference design, we focus on a non-custodial, lightning-first mobile wallet that uses various [lightning services]({{ '/guide/how-it-works/lightning-services/' | relative_url }}) to automate some operations, such as channel management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The details of this experience can differ vastly based on your technical architecture and use case. For this reference design, we focus on a non-custodial, lightning-first mobile wallet that uses various [lightning services]({{ '/guide/how-it-works/lightning-services/' | relative_url }}) to automate some operations, such as channel management.
```
Correct as is, but sounds funny

{% include picture.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/daily-spending-wallet/first-use/security-setup.png"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/daily-spending-wallet/first-use/security-setup@2x.png"
   modalImage = "/assets/images/guide/daily-spending-wallet/first-use/security-setup-full.png"
   width = 250
   height = 541
   alt-text = "Security options explainer screen with PIN and Face ID options"
   caption = "Additional security measures are appropriate since bitcoin wallets handle user funds."
   layout = "float-right-desktop -background -shadow"
%}

While smartphones typically already require authentication to get past their lock screens, it is appropriate for bitcoin applications to introduce further security measures. For example, a user may only require [Touch ID or Face ID]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/security/#biometrics-touch-id--face-id' | relative_url }}) to access their device, but then set up a [unique PIN]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/security/#pin-protection' | relative_url }}) to access their wallet and send payments.

PINs can also be used to encrypt backup data, both locally and in cloud storage.

</div>

## Initial deposit

> New wallets start empty and require funding to become useful. Typically, bitcoin is purchased and sent from an exchange, or from another wallet the user controls. Both on-chain and lightning deposits should be supported. On-chain deposits should be automatically [swapped]({{ '/guide/how-it-works/lightning-services/#swaps' | relative_url }}) to lightning. To prevent user frustration, swap fees should be explained when creating the deposit request. For more on this, see [funding]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/funding/' | relative_url }}).

Author: Good idea. Added a note.

%}

# First use
{: .no_toc }

---

<div class="glossary-toc" markdown="1">
 * Table of contents
{:toc}
</div>

---

Installing and trying an application for the first time is a particularly sensitive moment in the [usage life cycle]({{ '/guide/designing-products/usage-life-cycle/#first-use' | relative_url }}). We form a mental model of the features and experience, and how well they address our needs. It can be a make-or-break moment. As designers, our goal is to gently guide users through this initial setup to the point where they are comfortable using the application in the future.

Overall, onboarding typically involves:
- Discovery, download and launch
- [Wallet creation]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/first-use/#creating-a-wallet' | relative_url }}) and [backup]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/backup-and-recovery/landing-page/' | relative_url }}), or [wallet recovery]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/backup-and-recovery/recovery/' | relative_url }})
- [Depositing]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/funding/' | relative_url }}) or [requesting]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/requesting/' | relative_url }}) bitcoin

> #### How to approach this user flow

Author: The smaller header size was intentional. It's more like a sub-sub header within the writing.

We recommend designing a flexible first-use experience that guides users towards best practices (the "happy path"). Whenever possible, options should be available to skip parts individual users may not find relevant, or dive deeper and personalize settings. If skipped parts are highly important, the application should remind users about them at a later point.

Some [studies]({{ '/guide/resources/design-research/' | relative_url }}) suggest that users struggled greatly with [technical terminology]({{ '/guide/glossary/' | relative_url }}) and feeling as though they had a lack of guidance during wallet setup. By walking users through simple steps that clearly frame the features of self-custodial bitcoin wallets, users will feel well-equipped to navigate and use the wallet confidently.

> Users reported that they often felt like they lacked guidance and understanding during wallet setup.
>
> <cite>As researched by <a href="https://arxiv.org/pdf/1802.04351.pdf">Eskandari et al</a></cite>

> The details of this experience can vastly differ based on your technical architecture and use case. For this reference design, we focus on a lightning-first mobile wallet that automates channel management via a [lightning service]({{ '/guide/how-it-works/lightning-services/' | relative_url }}) provider.

Author: Good edit. Small type, needs and "s" at the end of "service". Also think there are two spaces after "various".

> The details of this experience can vastly differ based on your technical architecture and use case. For this reference design, we focus on a lightning-first mobile wallet that automates channel management via a [lightning service]({{ '/guide/how-it-works/lightning-services/' | relative_url }}) provider.

Author: ```suggestion
The details of this experience can vastly differ based on your technical architecture and use case. For this reference design, we focus on a non-custodial, lightning-first mobile wallet that uses various [lightning services]({{ '/guide/how-it-works/lightning-services/' | relative_url }}) to automate some operations, such as channel management.
```

   layout = "float-right-desktop -background -shadow"
%}

Before using an application, a user needs to become aware of it, become interested, and install it. Touch points like a landing page and app store listing should already allow users to generally understand what the experience will be like.

</div>

## Creating a wallet

[Bitcoin wallets]({{ '/guide/glossary/#wallet' | relative_url }}) contain the private keys to a user’s bitcoin. Private keys let users access bitcoin associated with those keys. If the user does not have a bitcoin wallet already that they want to restore, it is necessary to create a new one.

Like regular keys on a keychain, bitcoin private keys can be copied. This makes [private key management]({{ '/guide/private-key-management/introduction' | relative_url }}) one of the most important considerations of any bitcoin owner. Bitcoin wallet applications should automatically generate the user’s private keys locally, meaning they are only generated and stored on the device and not by the wallet provider, during onboarding.

{% include image-gallery.html pages = page.images_create %}

> Bitcoin owners can directly access their funds as long as they have access to their private keys or recovery phrase. You should help your users understand that your team does not have the ability to recover their funds in the event they lose their private keys. A self-custodial wallet means the user will have to take on greater responsibility to safely protect their private key so they can always access their funds.

Author: Good point. A little tricky to fix, but I addresses this in the latest commit.

Frequent backups are important for lightning wallets, as channel states frequently change and need to be updated.

</div>

## Security setup

<div class="center" markdown="1">

{% include image.html
   image = "/assets/images/guide/daily-spending-wallet/first-use/security-setup.png"
   retina = "/assets/images/guide/daily-spending-wallet/first-use/security-setup@2x.png"
   width = 250
   height = 541
   alt-text = ""
   caption = "Additional security measures are appropriate since bitcoin wallets handle user funds."
   layout = "float-right-desktop -background -shadow"
%}

While smartphones typically already require authentication to get past their lock screens, it is appropriate for bitcoin applications to introduce further security measures. For example, a user may only require [Touch ID or Face ID]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/security/#biometrics-touch-id--face-id' | relative_url }}) to access their device, but then set up a [unique PIN]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/security/#pin-protection' | relative_url }}) to access the wallet and send payments.

PINs can also be used to encrypt backup data, both locally and in cloud storage.

</div>

## Initial deposit

> Any new wallet starts empty and requires funding to become useful, typically via purchase of bitcoin, or deposit of already owned bitcoin. Both on-chain and lightning deposits should be supported, with on-chain funds automatically getting swapped to lightning. Swap fees should be explained in advance to prevent user frustration. For more on this, see [funding]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/funding/' | relative_url }}).

Author: ```suggestion
New wallets start empty and require funding to become useful. Typically, bitcoin is purchased and sent from an exchange, or from another wallet the user controls. Both on-chain and lightning deposits should be supported. On-chain deposits should be automatically [swapped]({{ '/guide/how-it-works/lightning-services/#swaps' | relative_url }}) to lightning. To prevent user frustration, swap fees should be explained when creating the deposit request. For more on this, see [funding]({{ '/guide/daily-spending-wallet/funding/' | relative_url }}).
```
Minor tweaks on top of your edits.

Don't think explaining the unified payment request thing is important right here, that can be covered in the funding page.
